README.md, before:

# Differentiation-inator 2

## Critical Update - Aug 29, 2025

Busy summer! My aspirations were for Differentiation-inator 2.0 to be completed by summer's end. While, technically, summer isn't over, this deadline is no longer achievable. It has been a winding road--one I still haven't fully figured out--to make Differentiation-inator 2.0 work the way I'd like. As I continue to work, I am certain that, sooner rather than later, the initial release of Differentiation-inator 2.0 will be ready for launch. 

## Description

Differentiation-inator 2.0 is a second version web program that applies the mathemetical rules of differentiation to a function as inputted by its user. Differentiation-inator 2.0 is still in development. This repository will be updated as progress is made.

## Author
* **Name**: Brandon Goldberg
* **Email**: brangold@udel.edu

## Project Development

Differentiation-inator 2.0 is a personal project. It is modeled off a Differentiation-inator, which was created as a project to fulfill a course requirment. The requirements of the course project limited Differentiation-inator. Differentiation-inator 2.0 is being programmed without being held to these requirements to deliver a convenient, simple web application that can be used to find a function's derivative. 

## Help Resources Used

* Drafter Framework and Documentation <https://drafter-edu.github.io/drafter/students/docs.html>
  * Used as framework to create web application.  
* W3Schools <https://www.w3schools.com/python/default.asp>
  * Used as guide for Python, especially specific built-in functions, string methods, and list methods.

Commit message:

Added Progress Update
Added new update to address current state of development as of 10/23/25.

README.md, after:

# Differentiation-inator 2

## Progress Updates - Oct 23
Why hasn't anything happened? Well, unfortunately, I've let my dreams get ahead of this project's timeline, and have been researching if Python is really the best language for this program AND for a new framework to use to talk to the web-side of things. Even if I continue using Python for this program, I want to find a new program that is outside of the scope of education. Currently, I've taken a pause on this project to prioritize my academics. I'm planning on ending that pause soon a pushing through to FINALLY deliver Differentiation-inator 2!

## Critical Update - Aug 29, 2025

Busy summer! My aspirations were for Differentiation-inator 2.0 to be completed by summer's end. While, technically, summer isn't over, this deadline is no longer achievable. It has been a winding road--one I still haven't fully figured out--to make Differentiation-inator 2.0 work the way I'd like. As I continue to work, I am certain that, sooner rather than later, the initial release of Differentiation-inator 2.0 will be ready for launch. 

## Description

Differentiation-inator 2.0 is a second version web program that applies the mathemetical rules of differentiation to a function as inputted by its user. Differentiation-inator 2.0 is still in development. This repository will be updated as progress is made.

## Author
* **Name**: Brandon Goldberg
* **Email**: brangold@udel.edu

## Project Development

Differentiation-inator 2.0 is a personal project. It is modeled off a Differentiation-inator, which was created as a project to fulfill a course requirment. The requirements of the course project limited Differentiation-inator. Differentiation-inator 2.0 is being programmed without being held to these requirements to deliver a convenient, simple web application that can be used to find a function's derivative. 

## Help Resources Used

* Drafter Framework and Documentation <https://drafter-edu.github.io/drafter/students/docs.html>
  * Used as framework to create web application.  
* W3Schools <https://www.w3schools.com/python/default.asp>
  * Used as guide for Python, especially specific built-in functions, string methods, and list methods.
